docs: anemoi overview page (#15)
ecmwf/anemoi-docs: docs/overview.rst

 Overview
##########

The *Anemoi* framework provides a complete toolkit to develop

> data-driven model from data preparation to inference. The ecosystem is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
data-driven weather models through from data preparation to inference. The ecosystem is
```

composed of several packages which target the different components
necessary to construct a data-driven model. Each component collects

> metadata that can be used by the others. The framework rely on existing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
metadata that can be used by the subsequent packages. The framework rely on existing
```

> python tools including PyTorch, Lighting, Hydra, Zarr, Xarray and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Python tools including PyTorch, Lighting, Hydra, Zarr, Xarray and
```

earthkit.

.. raw:: html

   <center>
   <object type="image/svg+xml" data="_static/anemoi-ecosystem.svg" width="75%" height="auto">
     <img src="_static/anemoi-ecosystem.png" alt="Fallback image description">
   </object>
   </center>

> Possible usages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Possible uses:
```

> -  global deterministic forecast model
> -  regional deterministic forecast model (LAM or stretched grid)
> -  coupled atmospheric and ocean model
> -  downscaling model
> -  ensemble model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Global deterministic forecast models
-  Regional deterministic forecast models (LAM or stretched grid)
-  Coupled atmospheric and ocean models
-  Downscaling models
-  Ensemble/probablistic models
```

*****************
 anemoi-datasets
*****************

Anemoi-datasets provides the tools to build Zarr files from a list of
sources and filters. Input format sources include MARS, Grib, netCDF,

> Zarr and more and filters allow for data transformation. The output

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zarr and more, while the filters allow for complex data transformation and manipulation. The output
```

> dataset is optimize for ML training with appropriate chunking and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dataset is optimised for ML training with appropriate chunking and
```

> already computed statistics for normalisation. The package also support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
precomputed statistics for normalisation. The package also supports
```

parallel and incremental creation for large datasets.

*************
 anemoi-core
*************

anemoi-training
===============

Anemoi-training provides the code to train models, using torch-lightning
and Hydra. The training is highly configurable via configuration files.
The package includes profiling evaluation, plotting and logging of
defined model and system metrics. The model to train is defined in the
configuration files and refere to an anemoi-models implementation and
the dataset must be Zarr following the anemoi-datasets format.

anemoi-graphs
=============

Anemoi-graphs provides functionality to create graph structure. The
graph indicates how the grid is structured and how the nodes from the
input, latent and output states are connected. The graph contains the

> nodes from the input, hidden and output states and the edges connecting

Reviewer: Repeating yourself a bit here

> each of them. The graph will be use by the model to know the neighbourg

Reviewer: ```suggestion
each of them. The graph will then be used by the model to identify the neighbouring
```

> points of each node in the encoder, processor and decoder weights

Reviewer: ```suggestion
points of each node in the encoder, processor and decoder
```

> calculation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
communications.
```

anemoi-models
=============

> Anemoi-models provides the implementation for different type of models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anemoi-models provides the implementation for various different type of models.
```

> These models are describe in anemoi-models documentation. They are based

Reviewer: Why mention the docs here when you haven't elsewhere?

> on graph encoder-processor-decoder methods and are implemented over
> torch-lighting library. The model contains the weights of the different
> layers applied to each node of a graph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on a graph encoder-processor-decoder approach and are implemented over
the pytorch library. The model contains the weights of the different
layers applied to each node of a graph.
```

******************
 anemoi-inference
******************

> Anemoi-inference package provides the tools to perform the inference of
> trained models over chosen data. Default setup for inference is part of
> the checkpoint metadata.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anemoi-inference provides the tools to take a trained model and perform
the inference/rollout given some initial conditions. Inference takes full use of
the metadata stored in a checkpoint, allowing for simple execution.
```
